1 of 2

You have reached us outside of business hours

Subject: You have reached us outside of business hours
From: "Areal Property Hawthorn (MPM)" <MPM@email.propertyme.com>
Date: 16/6/68, 04:37
To: Chawakorn Kamnuansil <ck.chawakorn@gmail.com>
agent image
Thank you for your email. Our office hours are Monday to Friday between 9.00 am and 5:30
pm. We appreciate you reaching out to us and will respond to your inquiry as soon as possible.
Urgent Maintenance Requests: During after-hours, only urgent maintenance issues will be
attended to. For definitions of urgent repairs, please refer to the attached CAV Booklet
(Consumer Affairs Victoria Urgent Repairs Link). For urgent maintenance during after-hours,
please call us at 03 8686 8388. You can also review the after-hours trades list click here
Please be assured that our selected tradespeople used for urgent maintenance will directly send
us the invoice for payment, simplifying the process for our renters.
Non-Urgent Maintenance Requests: All non-urgent maintenance requests should be
submitted via your Property Me Tenant portal or emailed to mpm@email.propertyme.com. Nonurgent maintenance will be addressed when the office reopens. We appreciate your
understanding and cooperation in this matter.
When submitting a maintenance request, please include:
1. Photos: Provide photos from a distance and one close-up.
2. Appliance Details: Include the make, model number, and year.
3. Event History: Briefly describe the events leading up to the issue.
4. Potential Risks: Note any potential damage or injury related to the issue.
5. Separate Requests: Lodge a separate request for each issue.
Providing this detailed information enables us to process your request more efficiently. Upon
receiving the relevant details, we will seek approval from the Rental Provider.
Maintenance Liability Notice: Please be aware that if a trade report indicates that the issue
was caused by incorrect usage or no fault is found, repair and call-out costs will be the renter's
responsibility.
For general inquiries, you can reach us at mpm@email.propertyme.com.
Thank you again for your email. We appreciate your patience and look forward to assisting you
soon.

30/8/68, 16:50

2 of 2

You have reached us outside of business hours

Best regards,
Areal Property
E: mpm@email.propertyme.com
P: 03 8686 8388

If you have any feedback regarding my service, please feel free to contact my manager.

Jamie Ong (Head of Property Management) jamie.ong@areal.com.au
DISCLAIMER & WARNING. This correspondence and the information contained in this and associated e-mails are confidential and were
only intended for the exclusive use of the addressee(s). If you have received this e-mail in error, any use, copying or inference with this
information is unauthorized and prohibited and please immediately delete it and any related attachments or emails from your system and
its related sub system and notify the sender. You must never copy, disclose, make conclusions and other information in this message that
do not relate to the business of the Areal Property and shall be understood as neither given nor approved or agreed by it. Although Areal
Property has taken reasonable precautions to ensure no viruses are present in this e-mail, Areal Property cannot accept responsibility for
any loss or damage arising from the use of this e-mail or attachments.
Click to unsubscribe from future email communication

30/8/68, 16:50

