1 of 2

Leak RectiÞcation Works Ð Access Required

Subject: Leak RectiÞcation Works Ð Access Required
From: "Sylvia Hao - Areal Property Hawthorn (MPM)" <MPM@email.propertyme.com>
Date: 29/5/68, 13:50
To: Chawakorn Kamnuansil <ck.chawakorn@gmail.com>
CC: mpm@email.propertyme.com
agent image
Hi Chawarkorn,
I hope you're well.
The Owners Corporation has engaged Fixd Trade to carry out internal rectification works
and a moisture survey in relation to the leak from the common roof.
Fixd Trade will need access to your apartment to proceed. Could you please let me know
your availability so I can coordinate with them and arrange a suitable time?
Their lead time to start is quite short, so your prompt response would be greatly
appreciated.
Kind regards,

Sylvia Hao

Relationship Manager
M 0420 675 561
P 03 9818 8991
A 33 Camberwell Road, Hawthorn East VIC 3123

If you have any feedback regarding my service, please feel free to contact my manager.

Jamie Ong (Head of Property Management) jamie.ong@areal.com.au
DISCLAIMER & WARNING. This correspondence and the information contained in this and associated e-mails are confidential and were
only intended for the exclusive use of the addressee(s). If you have received this e-mail in error, any use, copying or inference with this
information is unauthorized and prohibited and please immediately delete it and any related attachments or emails from your system and
its related sub system and notify the sender. You must never copy, disclose, make conclusions and other information in this message that
do not relate to the business of the Areal Property and shall be understood as neither given nor approved or agreed by it. Although Areal
Property has taken reasonable precautions to ensure no viruses are present in this e-mail, Areal Property cannot accept responsibility for
any loss or damage arising from the use of this e-mail or attachments.

30/8/68, 16:51

2 of 2

Leak RectiÞcation Works Ð Access Required

Click to unsubscribe from future email communication

30/8/68, 16:51

