1 of 4

Areal monthly after-hours trades list update

Subject: Areal monthly after-hours trades list update
From: "Hilary Ho - Areal Property Hawthorn (MPM)" <MPM@email.propertyme.com>
Date: 25/3/68, 18:28
To: Chawakorn Kamnuansil <ck.chawakorn@gmail.com>
agent image
Hi Chawakorn
Here is your monthly after-hours trades list update. This update ensures that you always have
the most up-to-date version.
Please save this in a place where you can quickly refer to it in case of an emergency.
Your safety and the condition of your home are our top priorities. Below are the procedures for
reporting urgent repairs and emergency maintenance:
What is an urgent repair?
An urgent repair is any issue that poses an immediate danger to you or the property. Legally,
urgent repairs include:
◦ Burst water service
◦ Blocked or broken toilet system
◦ Serious roof leak
◦ Gas leak
◦ Dangerous electrical fault
◦ Flooding or serious flood damage
◦ Serious storm or fire damage
◦ An essential service or appliance for hot water, water, cooking, heating, or laundering is not
working
◦ The gas, electricity or water supply is not working
◦ A cooling appliance or service provided by the rental provider is not working
◦ The property does not meet minimum standards
◦ A safety-related device, such as a smoke alarm or pool fence, is not working
◦ An appliance, fitting or fixture that is not working and causes a lot of water to be wasted
◦ Any fault or damage in the property that makes it unsafe or insecure, including pests, mould
or damp caused by or related to the building structure
◦ A serious problem with a lift or staircase.

Maintenance items not on the above list are considered non-urgent and must be reported in
writing.

30/8/68, 16:54

2 of 4

Areal monthly after-hours trades list update

How to Report Urgent Maintenance
During Business Hours:
Please contact our office directly at 03 8686 8388 and email your property manager at
mpm@email.propertyme.com with photos and details of the required maintenance.
After Hours Tradesperson List:
NOTE: Before contacting an urgent tradesperson, ensure that the maintenance issue is
genuinely urgent. Additionally, email your property manager with the following details:
¥ Description of the maintenance issue
¥ Reason for urgency
¥ If the tradesperson you contacted could not resolve the problem over the phone
¥ Events leading up to the urgent call
¥ Photos and/or video documentation of the issue
¥ The name of the company you arranged, and if you arranged a trade not on our list, please
provide their contact details

How to Report Non-Urgent Maintenance
All non-urgent maintenance requests should be submitted emailed to
mpm@email.propertyme.com. Non-urgent maintenance will be addressed when the office
reopens. We appreciate your understanding and cooperation in this matter.
When reporting maintenance, please include the following information:
1. Property address
2. Clear explanation of the issue
3. Photos and/or videos
4. If applicable: The make and model of the appliance

Maintenance Trade

Contact

Air

Simple Air 0400 089 138

Conditioning

Solutions markconwayaircon@gmail.com

and Heating

(Mark
Conway)

03 9770 8879
nicole@ourair.com.au

Our Air

Electrical

Lume

0407 148 606
info@lumeservices.com.au

Dsquared

1300 377 827

30/8/68, 16:54

3 of 4

Areal monthly after-hours trades list update

Electrical info@dsquaredelectrical.com.au
(Dan)

0410 408 959
nickd@acmeelectrical.com.au

ACME
Electrcial
Flood

Flood

0447 109 101

Response service@floodresponse.com.au
Locksmith

Artist

0410 974 734

locksmith
(Paul)

0450 684 040

Marquee

03 9690 8888

locksmith
(Mark)
Wynns
Locksmith
Plumbing

Metro

0417 617 274

West

info@metwestplumbing.com.au

Plumbing
1300 116 486
info@melbourneplumbinggroup.com.au
Melbourne
Plumbing
Group

In the event that trade on the above list is unable to attend, an alternative local tradesperson
may be engaged. Please be careful who you engage by checking Google reviews to avoid
overpriced and dishonest tradespeople.
Please note, if you do arrange your own trades that they may bill you directly. Please seek
reimbursement from your property manager accordingly.
We appreciate your cooperation in promptly reporting any issues so we can address them
effectively.

30/8/68, 16:54

4 of 4

Areal monthly after-hours trades list update

Please Note: If a tradesperson visits and finds no faults, determines that the issue resulted
from user error, or the maintenance is of a non-urgent nature, the renter may be responsible
for the associated costs.

If you have any feedback regarding my service, please feel free to contact my manager.

Jamie Ong (Head of Property Management) jamie.ong@areal.com.au
DISCLAIMER & WARNING. This correspondence and the information contained in this and associated e-mails are confidential and were
only intended for the exclusive use of the addressee(s). If you have received this e-mail in error, any use, copying or inference with this
information is unauthorized and prohibited and please immediately delete it and any related attachments or emails from your system and
its related sub system and notify the sender. You must never copy, disclose, make conclusions and other information in this message that
do not relate to the business of the Areal Property and shall be understood as neither given nor approved or agreed by it. Although Areal
Property has taken reasonable precautions to ensure no viruses are present in this e-mail, Areal Property cannot accept responsibility for
any loss or damage arising from the use of this e-mail or attachments.
Click to unsubscribe from future email communication

30/8/68, 16:54

