Emergency Maintenance & Urgent Repairs
Your safety and ensuring the condition of your home are our top priorities. Outlined below is the
procedure for reporting urgent repairs and emergency maintenance.
What is an urgent repair?
An urgent repair is any issue that poses an immediate danger to you or the property. Legally, urgent
repairs include:
o Burst water service
o Blocked or broken toilet system
o Serious roof leak
o Gas leak
o Dangerous electrical fault
o Flooding or serious ﬂood damage
o Serious storm or ﬁre damage
o An essen al service or appliance for hot water, water, cooking, hea ng, or laundering is not
working
o The gas, electricity or water supply is not working
o A cooling appliance or service provided by the rental provider is not working
o The property does not meet minimum standards
o A safety-related device, such as a smoke alarm or pool fence, is not working
o An appliance, ﬁ ng or ﬁxture that is not working and causes a lot of water to be wasted
o Any fault or damage in the property that makes it unsafe or insecure, including pests, mould or
damp caused by or related to the building structure
o A serious problem with a li or staircase.
Maintenance items not on the above list are considered non-urgent and must be reported in wri ng.
How to Report Urgent Maintenance
During Business Hours:
Call our oﬃce at 9818 8991 and email your property manager at mpm@email.propertyme.com with
photos and details of the issue. You can also refer to our urgent maintenance guide on our
website: www.areal.com.au/maintenance
A er Hours Tradesperson List:
NOTE: Before contac ng an urgent tradesperson, ensure that the maintenance issue is genuinely urgent.
Addi onally, email your property manager with the following details:
• Descrip on of the maintenance issue
• Reason for urgency
• If the tradesperson you contacted could not resolve the problem over the phone
• Events leading up to the urgent call
• Photos and/or video documenta on of the issue
• The name of the company you arranged, and if you arranged a trade not on our list, please
provide their contact details
How to Report Non-Urgent Maintenance
All non-urgent maintenance requests should be submi ed via email to mpm@email.propertyme.com.
Non-urgent maintenance will be addressed when the oﬃce reopens. We appreciate your understanding
and coopera on in this ma er.

When repor ng maintenance, please include the following informa on:
1. Property address
2. Clear explana on of the issue
3. Photos and/or videos
4. If applicable: The make and model of the appliance
Maintenance

Trade

Contact

Air Conditioning and
Heating

Simple Air Solutions (Mark Conway)

0400 089 138
markconwayaircon@gmail.com

Electrical

Our Air
Lume
Dsquared Electrical (Dan)
ACME Electrcial

03 9770 8879
nicole@ourair.com.au
0407 148 606
info@lumeservices.com.au
1300 377 827
info@dsquaredelectrical.com.au
0410 408 959
nickd@acmeelectrical.com.au

Flood

Flood Response

Locksmith

Artist locksmith (Paul)

0447 109 101
service@floodresponse.com.au
0410 974 734

Marquee locksmith (Mark)

0450 684 040

Wynns Locksmith
Metro West Plumbing

03 9690 8888
0417 617 274
info@metwestplumbing.com.au

Melbourne Plumbing Group

1300 116 486
info@melbourneplumbinggroup.com.au

Plumbing

In the event that trade on the above list is unable to attend, an alternative local tradesperson may be
engaged. Please be careful who you engage by checking Google reviews to avoid overpriced and
dishonest tradespeople.
Please note, if you do arrange your own trades that they may bill you directly. Please seek
reimbursement from your property manager accordingly.
We appreciate your cooperation in promptly reporting any issues so we can address them effectively.
Please Note: If a tradesperson visits and finds no faults, determines that the issue resulted from user
error, or the maintenance is of a non-urgent nature, the renter may be responsible for the associated
costs.

