Move-Out Guide
Moving can be a mixture of emo ons: excitement for the next chapter, nostalgia for the memories
you're leaving behind, and the natural stress that comes with change. However, with proper
planning and organiza on, the process can be streamlined and less overwhelming. This guide aims
to provide you with step-by-step instruc ons to ensure that your move-out goes as smoothly as
possible.
Booking Your Move-Out
• For those vaca ng a development, it's a requirement to schedule your move-out date and
me with the building manager promptly.
• Many developments require move-out pre-bookings to facilitate li protec on and assign a
designated li . Without this pre-booking, you might encounter disrup ons due to other
residents' reserva ons.
Tips for a Prompt Bond Return
• Power Connec on: We recommend keeping the power connected for three business
days a er you return your keys. This will allow the nal inspec on to be completed with
the power on. If the power is disconnected, we will need to establish a new connec on,
which may delay the bond return.
• Professional Cleaning: Cleaning a property can be more me-consuming than expected. For
peace of mind and thoroughness, consider hiring a professional cleaning service. Please refer
to the end-of-lease cleaning checklist. We recommend the following two cleaning services,
both of which have consistently delivered excep onal results for our renters.
Awesome Property Services
0433 405 679
awesomecleaning11@gmail.com
Cleaning Express Melbourne
0423 620 564
cleaningexpressmelbourne@gmail.com
•

•

Property Damage: If there's any accidental damage, ensure it's addressed before returning
the keys. Only use quali ed tradespeople for repairs to guarantee quality. Should DIY repairs
not meet expected standards, it might lead to bond deduc ons.
Carpet Concerns: Standard cleaning services o en only o er carpet shampooing & don’t
have the ability to remove stains. If you have stained the carpet, it is recommended that you
seek services for specialised stain removal. Crystal Clean has achieved some great results for
our renters. Contact them to discuss any concerns.

Crystal Clean
1300 767 760
h ps://www.crystalcleanmelbourne.net.au/
•
•

Storage Cages: If applicable, ensure your storage cage is emp ed, cleaned, and padlocks
removed.
Car space: If your car has had an oil leak, ensure you have the oil stain removed. Please
make sure the car space is clean with no belongings or rubbish le behind.

•

•
•

Keys & Remotes: Return all items provided at the beginning of your tenancy to the o ce. If
anything is missing, no fy your property manager as soon as possible so they can arrange a
replacement.
Rubbish: Do not leave rubbish inside or around the property. Any viola on of the owner’s
corpora on rules, such as unauthorized disposal, could lead to addi onal fees.
Personal Items: Double-check every area, including drawers and cupboards, to ensure no
personal items get le behind.

Handy Tips
• Wall Marks: A 'Chux Magic Eraser', which is available at outlets like Coles or Woolworths, is
ideal for mark removal. Always adhere to its usage instruc ons for op mal results.
• Light Globes: Make sure to replace non-func onal globes throughout the premises. If
overlooked, there might be electrician charges for replacements.

