BnBCulture Pty Ltd
805/1 Bouverie Street,
Carlton, VIC 3053
P: 0422092430
E: charis.lee@bnbculture.com
ABN: 69 639 251 719

Residential Rental Agreement
for
1803/243 Franklin St, Melbourne VIC 3000
This agreement is between Ting Zhang
and Chawakorn Kamnuansil, Podjana Tienmon.

Copyright in this document and the concepts it represents are strictly reserved to iProperty Express Pty Ltd - 2024.
No unauthorised use or copying permitted. All rights reserved.
Powered by iProperty Express

Residential Rental Agreement of no more than 5 years
Residential Tenancies Act 1997 Section 26(1)
Regulation 10(1)

Part A - General
This agreement is between the residential rental provider (rental provider) and the renter listed on this form.
1. Date of agreement
This is the date the agreement is signed
Wed 16/10/2024
If the agreement is signed by the parties on different days, the date of the agreement is the date the last person
signs the agreement.
2. Premises let by the rental provider
Address of premises
Postcode 3000

1803/243 Franklin St, Melbourne VIC

3. Rental provider details
Full name or company
Ting Zhang
name of rental
provider
Address (if no agent is
acting for the rental
provider)

Postcode

Phone number
ACN (if applicable)
Email address
Rental provider's agent details (if applicable)
Full name

BnBCulture Pty Ltd

Address

805/1 Bouverie Street, Carlton, VIC

Phone number

0422092430

ACN (if applicable)

639 251 719

Email address

charis.lee@bnbculture.com

Note: The rental provider must notify the renter within 7 days if any of this information changes.

Residential rental agreement

Page 1/22

Postcode 3053

4. Renter details
Each renter that is a party to the agreement must provide their details here.
Full name of renter 1

Chawakorn Kamnuansil

Current Address:

1803/243 Franklin St, Melbourne VIC 3000

Phone number:

0458962476

Email:

ck.chawakorn@gmail.com

Full name of renter 2

Podjana Tienmon

Current Address:

1803/243 Franklin St, Melbourne VIC 3000

Phone number:

0450452465

Email:

bewty980219@gmail.com

Postcode

Postcode

Full name of renter 3
Postcode

Current Address:
Phone number:
Email:
Full name of renter 4

Postcode

Current Address:
Phone number:
Email:

5. Length of the agreement
✔ Fixed term agreement

Periodic agreement
(monthly)

Residential rental agreement

Start date

Mon 23/12/2024

End date

Mon 22/12/2025

Start date

Page 2/22

(this is the date the agreement starts
and you may move in)

Note: If a fixed term agreement ends and the renter and rental provider do not enter into a new fixed term
agreement, and the renter continues to occupy the premises, a periodic (e.g. month by month) residential rental
agreement will be formed.
6. Rent
Rent amount($)
(payable in advance)

2825.00

To be paid per

week

fortnight

✔ calendar month

Day rent is to be paid (e.g. each
Thursday or the 11th of each
23rd day of each month
month)
Date first rent payment due

Mon 23/12/2024

7. Bond
The Renter has paid the bond specified below
Unless the rent is greater than $900 (per week), the maximum bond is one month's rent. In some cases, the rental
provider may ask the Victorian Civil and Administrative Tribunal (VCAT) to increase this limit. The rental provider
or their agent must lodge the bond with the Residential Tenancies Bond Authority (RTBA). The bond must be
lodged within 10 business days after receiving payment. The RTBA will send the renter a receipt for the bond.
If the renter does not receive a receipt within 15 business days from when they paid the bond, they may —
email rtba@justice.vic.gov.au, or
call the RTBA on 1300 13 71 64
Rental bond amount($)

2825

Bond lodgement date

Wed 14/08/2024

Bond Lodgement No.

Part B – Standard terms
8. Rental provider's preferred method of rent payment
Note: The rental provider must permit a fee-free (other than the renter's own bank fees) payment method and
must allow the renter to use Centrepay or another form of electronic funds transfer.
Note: The renter is entitled to receive a receipt from the rental provider confirming payment of rent.
(Rental provider to tick permitted methods of rent payment)
direct debit

✔ bank deposit

cash

cheque

other electronic form of payment, including Centrepay

Residential rental agreement

Page 3/22

money order

BPay

Payment details (if applicable)
BSB:
Account:
Account name:
Bank Reference:

083 004
861 072 380
BnBCulture Trust
Franklin St, 1803/243

9. Service of notices and other documents by electronic methods
Electronic service of documents must be in accordance with the requirements of the Electronic Transactions
(Victoria) Act 2000.
Just because someone responds to an email or other electronic communications does not mean they have
consented to the service of notices and other documents by electronic methods.
The rental provider and renter must notify the other party in writing if they no longer wish to receive notices or
other documents by electronic methods.
The rental provider and renter must immediately notify the other party in writing if their contact details change.
9.1 Does the rental provider agree to the service of notices and other documents by electronic methods
such as email?
The rental provider must complete this section before giving the agreement to the renter.
(Rental provider to tick as appropriate)
✔ Yes

charis.lee@bnbculture.com

No
9.2 Does the renter agree to the service of notices and other documents by electronic methods such as
email?
(Renter to tick as appropriate)
Renter 1

✔ Yes

Chawakorn Kamnuansil: ck.chawakorn@gmail.com

No

Renter 2

✔ Yes

Podjana Tienmon: bewty980219@gmail.com

No

Renter 3

Yes
No

Renter 4

Yes
No

Residential rental agreement

Page 4/22

10. Urgent repairs
The rental provider must ensure that the rental property is provided and maintained in good repair.
If there is a need for an urgent repair, the renter should notify the rental provider in writing.
For further information on seeking repairs see Part D (below).
Details of person the renter should contact for an urgent repair
(rental provider to insert details)
Emergency contact name

Charis Lee/ Lenny Nguyen

Emergency phone number

0422 092 430/ 0432 516 533

Emergency email address

charis.lee@bnbculture.com

11. Professional cleaning
The rental provider must not require the renter to arrange professional cleaning or cleaning to a professional
standard at the end of the tenancy unless —
professional cleaning or cleaning to a professional standard was carried out to the rented premises
immediately before the start of the tenancy and the renter was advised that professional cleaning or
cleaning to a professional standard had been carried out to those premises immediately before the start of
the tenancy; or
professional cleaning or cleaning to a professional standard is required to restore the rented premises to
the same condition they were in immediately before the start of the tenancy, having regard to the condition
report and taking into account fair wear and tear.
The renter must have all or part of the rented premises professionally cleaned, or pay the cost of having all or part
of the rented premises professional cleaned, if professional cleaning becomes required to restore the premises to
the condition they were in immediately before the start of the tenancy, having regard to the condition report and
taking into account fair wear and tear.
12. Owners corporation
Do owners corporation rules apply to the premises?
If yes, the rental provider must attach a copy of the rules to this agreement.
(Rental provider to tick as appropriate)
✔ No

Yes
13. Condition report
The renter must be given 2 copies of the condition report (or one emailed copy) on or before the date the renter
moves into the rented premises.
(rental provider to tick as appropriate)
✔ The condition report has been provided

The condition report will be provided to the renter on or before the date the agreement starts

Residential rental agreement

Page 5/22

Part C – Safety related activities
14 Electrical safety activities
(a) The rental provider must ensure an electrical safety check of all electrical installations, appliances and fittings
provided by a rental provider in the rented premises is conducted every 2 years by a licensed or registered
electrician and must provide the renter with the date of the most recent safety check, in writing, on request of
the renter.
(b) If an electrical safety check of the rented premises has not been conducted within the last two years at the
time the renter occupies the premises, the rental provider must arrange an electrical safety check as soon as
practicable.
15 Gas safety activities
This safety-related activity only applies if the rented premises contains any appliances, fixtures or fittings which
use or supply gas.
(a) The rental provider must ensure that a gas safety check of all gas installations and fittings in the rented
premises is conducted every 2 years by a licensed or registered gasfitter and must provide the renter with the
date of the most recent safety check, in writing, on request of the renter.
(b) If a gas safety check has not been conducted within the last two years at the time the renter occupies the
premises, the rental provider must arrange a gas safety check as soon as practicable.
16 Smoke alarm safety activities
(a) The rental provider must ensure that:
i. any smoke alarm is correctly installed and in working condition; and
ii. any smoke alarm is tested according to the manufacturer's instructions at least once every 12 months,
and
iii. the batteries in each smoke alarm are replaced as required.
(b) The rental provider must immediately arrange for a smoke alarm to be repaired or replaced as an urgent
repair if they are notified by the renter that it is not in working order.
Note: Repair or replacement of a hard-wired smoke alarm must be undertaken by a suitably qualified person.
(c) The rental provider, on or before the occupation date, must provide the renter with the following information in
writing:
i. information about how each smoke alarm in the rented premises operates;
ii. information about how to test each smoke alarm in the rented premises;
iii. information about the renter's obligations to not tamper with any smoke alarms and to report if a smoke
alarm in the rented premises is not in working order.
(d) The renter must give written notice to the rental provider as soon as practicable after becoming aware that a
smoke alarm in the rented premises is not in working order.
Note: Regulations made under the Building Act 1993 require smoke alarms to be installed in all residential
buildings.
17 Swimming pool barrier safety activities
These safety-related activities only apply if the rented premises contains a swimming pool.
(a) The rental provider must ensure that the swimming pool barrier is maintained in good repair.

Residential rental agreement

Page 6/22

(b) The renter must give written notice to the rental provider as soon as practicable after becoming aware that
the swimming pool barrier is not in working order.
(c) The rental provider must arrange for a swimming pool barrier to be immediately repaired or replaced as an
urgent repair if they are notified by the renter that it is not in working order.
(d) The rental provider must provide the renter with a copy of the most recent certificate of swimming pool barrier
compliance issued under the Building Act 1993 on the request of the renter.
18 Relocatable pool safety activities
These safety-related activities only apply if a relocatable swimming pool is erected, or is intended to be erected,
on the rented premises.
(a) The renter must not erect a relocatable swimming pool without giving written notice to the rental provider
before erecting the pool.
(b) The renter must obtain any necessary approvals before erecting a relocatable swimming pool.
Note: Regulations made under Building Act 1993 apply to any person erecting a relocatable swimming pool.
This safety-related activity only applies to swimming pools or spas that hold water deeper than 300 mm.
19 Bushfire prone area activities
This safety-related activity only applies if the rented premises is in a bushfire prone area and is required to have a
water tank for bushfire safety.
If the rented premises is in a designated bushfire prone area under section 192A of the Building Act 1993 and a
water tank is required for firefighting purposes, the rental provider must ensure the water tank and any connected
infrastructure is maintained in good repair as required.
The water tank must be full and clean at the commencement of the agreement.

Residential rental agreement

Page 7/22

Part D – Rights and obligations
This is a summary of selected rights and obligations of renters and rental providers under the Act.
Any reference to VCAT refers to the Victorian Civil and Administrative Tribunal.
For more information, visit consumer.vic.gov.au/renting.

Residential rental agreement

Page 8/22

20. Use of the premises

23. Locks

The renter:

The rental provider must ensure the premises has:
locks to secure all windows capable of having a lock,
and
has deadlocks (a deadlock is a deadlatch with at
least one cylinder) for external doors that are able to
be secured with a functioning deadlock; and
meets the rental minimum standards for locks and
window locks.
External doors which are not able to be secured with a
functioning deadlock must at least be fitted with a locking
device that—
is operated by a key from the outside; and
may be unlocked from the inside with or without a
key
The renter must obtain consent from the rental provider to
change a lock in the master key system.
The rental provider must not unreasonably refuse consent
for a renter seeking to change a lock in the master key
system.
The rental provider must not give a key to a person
excluded from the premises under a:
a family violence intervention order; or
a family violence safety notice; or
a recognised non-local DVO; or
personal safety intervention order.

is entitled to quiet enjoyment of the premises. The rental
provider may only enter the premises in accordance with the
Act; and
must not use the premises for illegal purposes; and
must not cause a nuisance or interfere with the reasonable
peace, comfort or privacy of neighbours; and
must avoid damaging the premises and common areas.
Common areas include hallways, driveways, gardens and
stairwells. Where damage occurs, the renter must notify the
rental provider in writing; and
must keep the premises reasonably clean.

21. Condition of the premises
The rental provider:
must ensure that the premises comply with the rental
minimum standards, and is vacant and reasonably clean
when the renter moves in; and
must maintain the premises in good repair and in a fit
condition for occupation; and
agrees to do all the safety-related maintenance and repair
activities set out in Part C of the agreement.

The renter:
The renter must follow all safety-related activities set out in
Part C of the agreement and not remove, deactivate or
otherwise interfere with the operation of prescribed safety
devices on the premises.

22. Modifications
The renter:

24. Repairs
Only a suitably qualified person may do repairs—both
urgent and non-urgent

25. Urgent repairs

Section 3(1) of the Act defines urgent repairs. Refer to the
may make some modifications without seeking the rental
Consumer Affairs Victoria website for the full list of urgent repairs
provider's consent. These modifications are listed on the
and for more information, visit consumer.vic.gov.au/urgentrepairs.
Consumer Affairs Victoria website; and
must seek the rental provider's consent before installing any Urgent repairs include failure or breakdown of any essential service
other fixtures or additions; and
or appliance provided for hot water, cooking, heating or laundering
may apply to VCAT if they believe that the rental provider
supplied by the rental provider.
has unreasonably refused consent for a modification
The rental provider must carry out urgent repairs after being
mentioned in the Act; and
notified. A renter may arrange for urgent repairs to be done if the
at the end of the agreement, must restore the premises to renter has taken reasonable steps to arrange for the rental provider
the condition it was in before they moved in (excluding fair to immediately do the repairs and the rental provider has not carried
wear and tear). This includes removing all modifications,
out the repairs.
unless the parties agree they do not need to be removed. If the renter has arranged for urgent repairs, the renter may be

The rental provider:
must not unreasonably refuse consent for certain
modifications.
A list of the modifications that the rental provider cannot
unreasonably refuse consent for is available on the Consumer
Affairs Victoria website consumer.vic.gov.au/renting.

reimbursed directly by the rental provider for the reasonable cost of
repairs up to $2500.
The renter may apply to VCAT for an order requiring the rental
provider to carry out urgent repairs if—
(a) the renter cannot meet the cost of the repairs; or
(b) the cost of repairs is more than $2500; or
(c) the rental provider refuses to pay the cost of repairs if it is
carried out by the renter.

Residential rental agreement

Page 9/22

26. Non-urgent repairs

29. Access and entry

The renter must notify the rental provider, in writing, as soon
as practicable of —
damage to the premises; and
a breakdown of facilities, fixtures, furniture or
equipment supplied by the rental provider.
The rental provider must carry out non-urgent repairs in
reasonable time.
The renter may apply to VCAT for an order requiring the
rental provider to do the repairs if the rental provider has not
carried out the repairs within 14 days of receiving notice of
the need for repair.

The rental provider may enter the premises—
at any time, if the renter has agreed within the last 7
days; and
to do an inspection, but not more than once every 6
months; and
to comply with the rental provider's duties under the
Act; and
to show the premises or conduct an open inspection
to sell, rent or value the premises; and
to take images or video for advertising a property
that is for sale or rent; and
if they believe the renter has failed to follow their
duties under the Act; and
to do a pre-termination inspection where the renter
has applied to have the agreement terminated
because of family violence or personal violence.
The renter must allow entry to the premises where the rental
provider has followed proper procedure.
The renter is entitled to a set amount of compensation for
each sales inspection.

27. Assignment or sub-letting
The renter:
The renter must not assign (transfer to another person) or
sub-let the whole or any part of the premises without the
written consent of the rental provider. The rental provider
may give the renter notice to vacate if the renter assigns or
sub-lets the premises without consent.

The rental provider:
cannot unreasonably withhold consent to assign or sub-let
the premises; and
must not demand or receive a fee or payment for consent,
other than any reasonable expenses incurred by the
assignment.

30. Pets

28. Rent
The rental provider must give the renter at least 60 days
written notice of a proposed rent increase
Rent cannot be increased more than once every 12 months.
If the rental provider or agent does not provide a receipt for
rent, then renter may request a receipt.
The rental provider must not increase the rent under a fixed
term agreement unless the agreement provides for an
increase by specifying the amount of increase or the method
of calculating the rent increase.

Residential rental agreement

Page 10/22

The renter must seek consent from the rental provider
before keeping a pet on the premises.
The rental provider must not unreasonably refuse a request
to keep a pet.

Part E - Additional terms
31. Additional terms (if any)
List any additional terms to this agreement. The terms listed must not exclude, restrict or modify any of the rights
and duties included in the Act.
Additional terms must also comply with the Australian Consumer Law (Victoria). For example, they cannot be unfair
terms, which will have no effect. Contact Consumer Affairs Victoria on 1300 558 181 for further information or visit
consumer.vic.gov.au/products-andservices/business-practices/contracts/unfair-contract-terms.
32. Residential Tenancy Database
In accord with Section 439 (I) of the Act BnBCulture Pty Ltd will, within 14 days of receipt of a written request,
provide a copy of any listing located on a residential tenancy database used by BnBCulture Pty Ltd subject to
the Act.
33. Rental Provider Obligations
The Rental Provider may issue a notice to vacate in accord with the Act during the term of this Agreement
and the Renter must vacate the Premises at the expiration of the notice period given in the notice to vacate.
The Rental Provider or BnBCulture Pty Ltd may during the last month of the term of this Agreement place a
'to let' notice on the Premises. The Rental Provider or BnBCulture Pty Ltd may put on the Premises a notice
or notices 'for sale' or 'auction' at any time during the term of this Agreement.
The Rental Provider must not increase the Rental more than once in every 12 months.
Unless this Agreement is specified in Item 5 of Part A to be for a fixed term the Rental Provider may, in
accord with the provisions of Section 44 of the Act, increase the Rental by giving the Renter at least 60 day's
notice of the increase.
This Agreement may only be amended in writing signed by the Rental Provider and the Renter.
Where the Premises form part of a building, the Rental Provider has the right to make and/or alter rules and
regulations for the Premises and the Renter will be bound by such rules and regulations of the Act.
34. Availability of Premises
BnBCulture Pty Ltd will use its best endeavours so that the Premises are available on the Commencement
Date.
35. Payment of Services
The Renter shall pay all charges in respect of the consumption of water, electricity, gas, oil, national
broadband network ("NBN") and telephone where the Premises are separately metered for these services as
stipulated in the Act.
It is the Renter's responsibility to turn the main switch off to allow the power to be connected as required by
the electricity provider. No claim shall be made against the Rental Provider or BnBCulture Pty Ltd should the
power not be connected at the commencement of this Agreement.
The Renter acknowledges that all arrangements for connection of a telephone line or national broadband
network ("NBN") connection to the Premises shall be at the cost of the Rental Provider.
36. Contents Insurance
The Renter is not required to take out any insurance. Notwithstanding this, the Renter acknowledges that any
insurance policy of the Rental Provider does not provide cover for the personal possessions of the Renter. It
is strongly recommended that the Renter should take out contents insurance to adequately cover those
possessions.
37. Use of Premises
The Renter shall only use the Premises for residential purposes unless the prior written consent of the Rental
Provider has been obtained for any other use. The Rental Provider may impose reasonable terms and
conditions on giving any consent. Any other use may be subject to council or other approval and any costs
associated with such approvals will be the responsibility of the Renter. The Renter must not permit any short
term or long term letting or licencing the use and/or occupation of any part of the Premises without the prior

Residential rental agreement

Page 11/22

written consent of the Rental Provider. Any request for consent must be made in writing to BnBCulture Pty
Ltd.
38. No Representations
The Renter acknowledges that no promise, representation, warranty or undertaking has been given by the
Rental Provider or BnBCulture Pty Ltd in relation to the suitability of the Premises for the purposes of the
Renter otherwise than as provided in this Agreement. Without limiting Item 21 of Part D of this Agreement,
the Rental Provider must ensure that the Premises comply with the rental minimum standards (as set out in
Schedule 4 of the Residential Tenancies Regulations 2021), and further that the Premises are vacant and
reasonably clean when the Renter moves in.
39. Condition Report
The Renter must be given 2 copies of the Condition Report (or one emailed copy) on or before the date the
Renter moves into the Premises.
The Renter acknowledges having received before entering into occupation of the Premises two copies of the
Condition Report signed by or on behalf of the Rental Provider as well as a written statement setting out the
rights and duties of the Rental Provider and Renter under a tenancy agreement ('Renting a Home - A Guide
for Renters'). The Renter acknowledges that the Condition Report provided at the commencement of the
tenancy must be signed and returned to BnBCulture Pty Ltd within 5 business days after entering into
occupation of the Premises. If the Condition Report is not returned, the copy held by BnBCulture Pty Ltd will
be accepted as conclusive evidence of the state of repair or general condition of the Premises, at the
commencement of this Agreement.
40. No Promise of Renewal
The Renter acknowledges that no promise, representation or warranty has been given by the Rental Provider
or BnBCulture Pty Ltd in relation to any further renewal of this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of
clause 5 in Part A of this Agreement, the Renter acknowledges that if this Agreement is specificed in Part A,
Item 5 of this Agreement as being for a fixed period, then it shall commence on the Commencement Date
and end on the Expiry Date.
41. Rental Provider Termination
The Renter acknowledges that the Rental Provider may require possession of the Premises at the
termination of this Agreement and may issue a notice to vacate in accord with the Act requiring vacant
possession on the expiry of this Agreement.
42. Lost Keys
The Renter is responsible for the replacement of any lost key, auto remote control and the provision of any
additional key and any locksmith's charge where any key is mislaid or lost. BnBCulture Pty Ltd does not
guarantee that it holds a spare set of keys to the Premises at its offices.
43. Extra Keys
The Renter acknowledges that should the Renter wish to order any extra key, auto remote control or other
access device for the Premises it will be at the expense of the Renter. The Renter acknowledges that copies
of all keys/auto remote controls and access devices must be returned to BnBCulture Pty Ltd at the end of the
tenancy without reimbursement.
44. Floor Protection
If the Premises include polished floorboards/floating floor, it shall be the responsibility of the Renter to fit floor
protectors to all items of furniture to protect the floorboards from scratching. Stiletto shoes must not be worn
at any time by any occupant and/or invitee of the Renter throughout the tenancy to prevent indentation being
caused to the floors.
45. Changing Locks
The Renter may change any lock security alarm code and/or other security device at the Premises. If the
Renter changes any lock security alarm code and/or other security device, the Renter must give the Rental
Provider or BnBCulture Pty Ltd a duplicate key and/or new security alarm code and/or other access device as
soon as practicable.
46. Comply with Insurance
Subject to the Renter having been provided with a copy of any insurance policy maintained by the Rental
Residential rental agreement

Page 12/22

Provider, the Renter must not knowingly do or allow anything to be done at the Premises that may invalidate
any insurance policy or result in the premium being increased above the normal rate. For the avoidance of
doubt the Rental Provider is responsible for payment of insurance, and nothing in this clause requires the
Renter to take out or pay for any insurance.
47. No Invalidating Insurance
The Renter shall not do or allow anything to be done which would invalidate any insurance policy on the
Premises or increase the premium including (but not limited to) the storage of flammable liquids or the use of
any kerosene or oil burning heater at the Premises. For the avoidance of doubt the Rental Provider is
responsible for payment of insurance, and nothing in this clause requires the Renter to take out or pay for
any insurance.
48. Protection Against Damage
The Renter must take reasonable measures so that anyone that the Renter has allowed or permitted to be at
the Premises does not cause damage to the Premises. This obligation shall not extend to the Rental Provider
or BnBCulture Pty Ltd or their respective contractors.
49. Shared Services
The Renter shall not do or allow to be done anything at the Premises that will cause the shared service
facilities including (but not limited to) any driveway, lift or stairwell to become obstructed, untidy, damaged or
used for any purpose other than for which it may be intended.
50. No Servicing Vehicles
The Renter must not service or repair or allow the service or repair of any motor vehicle, motorcycle, boat or
caravan at the Premises except minor routine maintenance and cleaning, other than greasing and changing
oil.
51. Report Damage or Injury
The Renter shall notify BnBCulture Pty Ltd immediately in writing on becoming aware of any damage to or
defects in the Premises or breakdown of facilities, whether or not it might injure a person or cause damage to
the Premises.
52. Notify Blockages
The Renter must as soon as practicable notify the Rental Provider or BnBCulture Pty Ltd of any blockage or
defect in any drain, water service or sanitary system. No item that could cause a blockage including (but not
limited to) any feminine hygiene product, disposable nappy or excessive amounts of toilet paper may be
flushed down the sewerage septic stormwater or drainage systems. The Renter must pay the Rental Provider
all reasonable expenses that are incurred in rectifying any defect or blockage that may be caused by the
Renter or a person that the Renter has allowed or permitted to be at the Premises. This obligation shall not
extend to any defect or blockage caused by the Rental Provider or BnBCulture Pty Ltd or their respective
contractors.
53. Alterations
The Renter shall not paint or affix any sign or any antenna or cabling onto the Premises without the prior
written consent of the Rental Provider. The consent of the Rental Provider will not be unreasonably withheld.
The consent of the Rental Provider may be made subject to any reasonable condition including (but not
limited to) removal of the thing affixed when the tenancy is terminated. The Renter's rights and obligations in
relation to modifications are set out in Part D, Item 22 of this Agreement. The Rental Provider may require the
Renter to remove such items affixed and make good any damage caused by such removal.
54. Rubbish
The Renter shall deposit all rubbish including any carton and newspaper in a proper rubbish receptacle with a
close fitting lid as required by the local council. Such rubbish receptacle shall be kept only in the place
provided and placed out by the Renter for collection and returned to its allotted place in accord with local
council by-laws and/or good practice.
55. Pests
The extermination of all pests including (but not limited to) any rat, cockroach, mouse, flea, ant or other pest
that may infest the Premises is considered an urgent repair and shall be dealt with in accordance with Part D,
Item 25 of this Agreement.
Residential rental agreement

Page 13/22

56. Hanging Clothes
The Renter shall not hang any clothes outside the Premises other than where provision for the hanging of
clothes has been provided. The Renter must use any clothes drying facilities in the manner required by the
Rental Provider or any owner's corporation.
57. Replace Light Globes
The Renter shall, at the Renter's expense, replace with a similar type style and feature/attribute any lighting
tube, globe and down-light (including any starter ballast or transformer) at the Premises which become
defective during the term or any extension of this Agreement unless the defect is proven to be caused by
faulty wiring or a defective fitting.
58. Smoke Free Zone
The Renter acknowledges that the Premises are a 'Smoke Free Zone' and the Renter will ensure that the
Renter and any invitees do not smoke inside the Premises.
59. Payment of Rental
All payments of Rental shall be made without demand by or on behalf of the Rental Provider and on time. No
part payment will be accepted. All payments of Rental are to be made by the method advised in Item 8 in
Part B of this Agreement or as notified in writing by BnBCulture Pty Ltd from time to time.
60. Rental Increase
If the Renter disagrees with a Rental increase sought by the Rental Provider, the Renter may apply to the
Director of Consumer Affairs Victoria for an investigation, provided the application to the Director of
Consumer Affairs Victoria is made within 30 days after the notice of the Rental increase is given by or on
behalf of the Rental Provider.
61. Maintain Garden
The Renter must maintain any garden at or adjacent to the Premises including the mowing and edging of any
lawn, light trimming/pruning of small trees, shrubs and taking care of plants. Garden beds, paths and paving
are to be maintained by the Renter in a neat and tidy condition, free of weeds and so far as is reasonably
possible, free of garden pests and properly watered. When watering any garden, the Renter must comply
with any government watering restrictions in place, from time to time. It is the responsibility of the Renter to
maintain any water feature/fountain or pond at the Premises. The Renter must maintain the water quality and
keep the water feature/fountain or pond clean as per the Condition Report at the commencement of the
tenancy and taking into account fair wear and tear.
62. Watering System
If any garden is watered by a watering system and/or via any tank water, the Renter must maintain the
system and/or tank in the state of repair and condition it was in at the start of this Agreement (fair wear and
tear excepted). The Renter is not required to repair damage to the watering system caused by the Rental
Provider, BnBCulture Pty Ltd or their contractors.
63. Rental Provider Repairs
The Renter acknowledges that the Premises may require maintenance during the tenancy due to unforeseen
acts of nature, wear and tear or other causes. Should this occur, the Rental Provider will use best
endeavours to rectify any damage in a timely manner and in conjunction with any insurer and/or tradespeople
appointed by any insurer. The Renter agrees to allow the Rental Provider or any tradespeople reasonable
access to carry out any such repairs.
The Rental Provider must ensure that the Premises are provided and maintained in good repair. If there is a
need for an urgent repair the Renter must notify BnBCulture Pty Ltd in writing.
64. Urgent Repairs
The Renter acknowledges that BnBCulture Pty Ltd is authorised to attend to urgent repairs to a maximum of
$2,500.00 (including GST) and the Renter agrees to use all reasonable efforts to contact BnBCulture Pty Ltd
during business hours or after hours information service on 0422 092 430/ 0432 516 533 or BnBCulture Pty
Ltd approved after hours emergency tradespeople before any urgent repairs are completed. Please refer to
the booklet 'Renting a Home - A guide for Renters' as provided for classification of urgent repairs.
65. Vehicle Parking
The Renter shall not park or allow any vehicle to be parked on the Premises or in any garage facilities made
Residential rental agreement

Page 14/22

available for use by the Renter as part of this Agreement which leaks oil unless a suitable oil drip tray is
provided. No visitor cars are permitted to be parked at the Premises unless any dedicated visitor parking is
provided by the Rental Provider or any owner's corporation. The Renter acknowledges that if the Premises
are advertised without any off-street parking being made available, it shall be the responsibility of the Renter
to enquire with the local council whether any parking permit is required for on-street parking in the vicinity of
the Premises and/or otherwise make independent arrangements for the parking of any motor vehicle.
66. Pets
The Renter must not keep any animal, bird, or other pet at the Premises without first obtaining the written
permission of the Rental Provider or BnBCulture Pty Ltd. Permission will not be unreasonably withheld. In
giving permission, the Rental Provider or BnBCulture Pty Ltd may impose reasonable conditions. It is not
unreasonable for the Rental Provider or BnBCulture Pty Ltd to withhold permission if the rules of an owner's
corporation prohibit pets being on common property or kept on the Premises. If an occupant of the Premises
is blind, permission will not be required for the occupant to have a trained guide dog at the Premises (unless
permission must be obtained from an owner's corporation). To seek the written permission of the Rental
Provider or BnBCulture Pty Ltd to keep a pet at the Premises the Renter must complete and provide a pet
request form.
67. Pools and Water Features
The Renter must not install any pool, spa, pond or any other water retaining device (either inflatable or
constructed) at the Premises without the express written permission of the Rental Provider. The Renter also
agrees that should any such permission be granted it will be conditional on the Renter obtaining and
providing evidence to the Rental Provider, of compliance with Council or any other regulations relating to pool
installation or pool fencing requirements prior to the installation taking place.
68. Rental Provider Entry
Subject to compliance with the Act, the Rental Provider or BnBCulture Pty Ltd has the right to enter the
Premises:
To carry out duties specified in this Agreement, or the Act or any other legislation or law;
To value the Premises or any property of which the Premises form part, provided that at least 7 days'
written notice has been given to the Renter;
At any time between 8am and 6pm on any day (except a public holiday), for the purposes of showing
prospective buyers or financial lenders through the Premises, provided that at least 48 hours' written
notice has been given to the Renter;
At any time between 8am and 6pm on any day (except a public holiday), for the purposes of showing
prospective new renters through the Premises provided that at least 48 hours' written notice has been
given to the Renter (and provided that such entry occurs in the period that is within 21 days before the
termination date specified in the notice to vacate or notice of intention to vacate and otherwise subject
to the requirements of the Act);
To verify a reasonable belief that the Renter or any occupier may not have met any duties as a Renter
of the Premises, provided that at least 24 hours' written notice has been given to the Renter;
To make one general inspection provided that entry for that purpose has not been made within the last
6 months, and provider further that at least 7 days' written notice has been given to the Renter.
69. Assignment and Sub-Letting
If during the term of the tenancy the people in occupation of the Premises change The Renter must as soon as practicable notify the Rental Provider or BnBCulture Pty Ltd in writing and
comply with clause 27 in Part D of this Agreement.
The Renter acknowledges that the Renter will be required to reimburse the Rental Provider or BnBCulture
Pty Ltd for any cost or charge incurred in preparing a written transfer of this Agreement in accord with the
fees within the Rental Provider's appointment of BnBCulture Pty Ltd as agent to manage the Premises.
70. Rental Provider Notice
If the Rental Provider requires possession of the Premises when the tenancy ends, the Rental Provider will
give the Renter the notice required by and in the manner prescribed by the Act.

Residential rental agreement

Page 15/22

71. Renter Notice
If the Renter wishes to vacate the Premises at the expiration of this Agreement the Renter must give the
Rental Provider written notice of the intention of the Renter to vacate at least 28 days prior to the expiration of
this Agreement.
72. Periodic Tenancy
If the Renter remains in occupation of the Premises after the expiration of this Agreement and does not enter
into a new fixed term Agreement the tenancy reverts to a periodic tenancy such that the Renter must give
written notice of the intention of the Renter to vacate the Premises specifying a termination date that is not
earlier than 28 days after the day on which the Renter gives written notice.
73. Rental Provider Expenses
If the Renter decides to vacate the Premises during the term of this Agreement for whatever reason, the
Renter shall be responsible for reimbursing to the Rental Provider or BnBCulture Pty Ltd the following costs:
1. 2 weeks rent as letting fee
2. Marketing costs as incurred by BnBCulture Pty Ltd;
$250
3. National tenancy database checks on each applicant or as required;
4. The continued payment of Rental until the first to occur of the Premises being relet or the current term
of this Agreement expiring;
5. If the Premises are relet at a lower Rental, the Renter must pay to the Rental Provider any difference
or shortfall as required for the unexpired portion of the term of this agreement subject to legal
requirements.
74. Return Keys
The Renter acknowledges that it is the responsibility of the Renter on the termination of this Agreement to
deliver all keys and any auto remote controls for the Premises to BnBCulture Pty Ltd during business hours
and to continue paying Rental until such time as all keys and auto remote controls are delivered.
75. No Set-Off
The Renter acknowledges that pursuant to the Act, the Renter cannot refuse to pay Rental on the grounds
that the Renter intends to regard any part of the Bond as rent paid by the Renter. The Renter acknowledges
that failure to comply with the Act may render the Renter liable to a penalty.
76. Remove Personal Property
The Renter shall be responsible for the removal of any furniture, fitting, personal property, motorcycle, car or
boat spare parts or any other equipment at the termination of the tenancy, and shall reinstate the Premises or
the land on which it is situated to the condition which existed at the commencement of the tenancy subject
only to fair wear and tear.
77. Window Cleaning
If required in order to return the Premises to the state evidenced in the condition report or if otherwise
required due to the size, location or inaccessibility of the windows at the Premises, the Renter agrees to have
all windows at the Premises cleaned (both internally and externally) in a professional manner at the Renter's
own cost immediately prior to vacating the Premises and taking into account fair wear and tear.
78. Carpet Cleaning
If required in order to return the Premises to the state evidenced in the condition report, the Renter will at the
termination of the tenancy (whatever the cause of the termination might be) arrange for the carpet or rugs in
the Premises to be professionally steam cleaned or dry cleaned (at the direction of the Rental Provider) by a
reputable carpet cleaning contractor at the Renter's own cost and provide BnBCulture Pty Ltd with an
invoice/receipt for such work. The cleanliness of the carpet as stated on the ingoing condition report
completed at the commencement of the tenancy will be taken into consideration in assessing the quality or
outcome of such cleaning and taking into account fair wear and tear.
79. Definitions and Interpretation
All terms used in this Agreement shall have the meanings given to them in the Schedule which shall form part
of this Agreement and Act means Residential Tenancies Act 1997 including any subordinate regulations and

Residential rental agreement

Page 16/22

Schedule means the schedule to this Agreement and Agreement means this document incorporating the
Schedule and all attachments to this document.
80. Electronic Notices
The Renter acknowledges that the Renter is entering into a binding Agreement if this Agreement is signed
utilising an electronic signature. Unless indicated to the contrary in the Item 9 of Part B of this Agreement, the
Renter consents to the electronic service of notices and other documents in accord with the requirements of
the Electronic Transactions (Victoria) Act 2000. The Rental Provider consents to the electronic service of
notices and other documents in accord with the requirements of the Electronic Transactions (Victoria) Act
2000 at the email address of BnBCulture Pty Ltd. If the Renter has not consented to the electronic service of
notices and other documents in accord with the requirements of the Electronic Transactions (Victoria) Act
2000 the Rental Provider shall not infer consent to the electronic service from the receipt or response to
emails or other electronic communications.
81. Change of Electronic Address
The Rental Provider and the Renter must give immediate written notice to the Other Party and BnBCulture
Pty Ltd if the email address for the electronic service of Notices or other documents is changed or any other
contact details are changed.
82. Withdraw Consent
The Renter may withdraw consent to the electronic service of notices or other documents by giving written
notice to the Rental Provider or BnBCulture Pty Ltd but such notice shall only become effective on receipt by
the Rental Provider or BnBCulture Pty Ltd.
83. Furnishings
If the Premises are let fully furnished or semi-furnished the Renter acknowledges that any furniture, fittings
and chattels included in the Premises are listed in an attachment to this Agreement or in the Condition Report
and the Renter further acknowledges that all such items are in good condition as at the date of this
Agreement unless specifically noted to the contrary.
84. Care for Furnishings
The Renter agrees to care for and maintain any items of furniture, fittings and chattels leased with the
Premises during the tenancy and deliver them to the Rental Provider at the end of the tenancy in the same
condition as at the Commencement Date (fair wear and tear excepted). The Renter must follow any care or
manufacturer's instruction manuals provided to properly care for any such furniture fittings and chattels
leased with the Premises.
85. Repair/Replacement of Furnishings
At the end of the tenancy, the Renter must replace with items of equivalent quality features functionality and
condition any of the items of furniture fittings and chattels leased with the Premises which have been
damaged destroyed or rendered inoperable/useful during the term of this Agreement (fair wear and tear
excepted).
86. Cost of Repairs/Replacements
The Renter acknowledges that the Renter may be liable for any repairs or maintenance costs to any furniture
fittings and chattels leased with the Premises if the Renter has failed to comply with any manufacturer's
recommendations if it results in loss or damage to any item of furniture fittings or chattels leased with the
Premises.
87. Owners Corporation
A copy of the rules of any Owner's Corporation affecting the Premises are attached to this Agreement. The
Renter must comply with the rules of the owner's corporation or any amending/superseding rules, a copy of
which are provided to the Renter. The Renter is not obliged to contribute to owner's corporation capital costs
or other owner's corporation expenses that would but for this clause be payable by the Rental Provider.

Residential rental agreement

Page 17/22

1.

Renting a home guide
Kindly refer to the renters guide and read this carefully.
https://www.consumer.vic.gov.au/housing/renting/starting-and-changing-rentalagreements/resources-and-guides-for-renters/renters-guide

2. Service Cost to Renter (when applicable)
• Adding name on lease/ removing name on lease: $150+ GST
• Transferring of whole lease where renter to provide applicant’s details and documentations: $300+ GST
• Transferring of whole lease where agent to advertise, provides leads and conducts inspection: $250+ GST
upfront advertising fee AND 2 weeks rent as letting fee after agent secures a lease
• Buy additional key/ replace lost key: $20+ GST admin fee on top of the price of keys
• After hours services- key pick up/ lost of keys (when possible): $180+ GST

3. Rent Review at Lease End Date
Rental provider reserves the right to conduct a rent review at the lease end date stated in this agreement.

4. Lease Transfer Clause
The condition of the property will not be reassessed and the exit report upon the end of lease will reference
back to the entry report provided to the Original Renter (the Renter that has passed on the leased to you) for
the lease.
New Renter has been advised to ONLY accept the new lease if all terms and the condition of the property is
the same as how it was handed to the Original Renter.
Please ensure the incoming transfer Renter asks for the original condition report from the original renter
prior to signing this Tenancy Agreement.

5. Key Pick Up
If your move-in falls on Saturday, Sunday or a public holiday, key(s) can be picked up the next business day.

6. Furniture and Lighting
All furniture provided at the start of the lease will be in working order. In the event of any malfunction during
the tenancy, renters must promptly report the issue to the agent for evaluation and guidance on the next
steps. If the items are deemed irreparable and the owner decides to dispose of them, written notification will
be provided to the renter. Please note that damaged or broken items will not be replaced by the owner.
The Renter shall, at the Renter's expense, replace with a similar type style and feature/attribute any lighting
tube, globe and down-light (including any starter ballast or transformer) at the Premises which become
defective during the term or any extension of this Agreement unless the defect is proven to be caused by
faulty wiring or a defective fitting.

Residential rental agreement

Page 18/22

Privacy Collection Notice

Premises.
Pay / release rental bonds to / from Rental Bond
Authorities (where applicable).
Refer to Tribunals, Courts and Statutory
Authorities (where necessary).
Refer to Collection Agent / Lawyers (where
default / enforcement action is required).
Provide confirmation details for organisations
contacting us on your behalf i.e. Banks, Utilities
(Gas, Electricity, Water, Phone), Employers, etc.

As professional property managers BnBCulture Pty
Ltd collects personal information about you. To
ascertain what personal information we have about you,
you can contact us on: 0422092430
Primary Purpose
As professional property managers, BnBCulture Pty
Ltd collect your personal information to assess the risk
in providing you with the lease / tenancy of the
Premises you have requested, and if the risk is
considered acceptable, to provide you with the lease /
tenancy of the Premises.
To carry out this role, and during the term of your
tenancy, we usually disclose your personal information
to:
The Rental Provider
The Rental Provider's lawyers
The Rental Provider's mortgagee
Referees you have nominated
Organisations / Tradespeople required to carry
out maintenance to the Premises
Third party organisations required to provide
BnBCulture Pty Ltd services
Rental Bond Authorities
Residential Tenancy Tribunals / Courts
Collection Agents
National Tenancy Database (National Tenancy
Database is a division of Equifax Pty Ltd) for
purposes of checking an applicant's tenancy
history.
The database operator can be contacted for
information on the service or to request a copy of
the
data
held
via
email
at
info@tenancydatabase.com.au or by submitting
the request form on their website at the following
address
https://www.tenancydatabase.com.au/contact-us
Other Real Estate Agents, Rental Providers and
Valuers
Secondary Purpose
BnBCulture Pty Ltd also collect your personal
information to:
Enable us, or the Rental Provider's lawyers, to
prepare the lease / tenancy documents for the
Premises.
Allow organisations / tradespeople to contact you
in relation to maintenance matters relating to the
Residential rental agreement

If your personal information is not provided to us and
you do not consent to the uses to which we put your
personal information, BnBCulture Pty Ltd cannot
properly assess the risk to our client, or carry out our
duties
as
professional
property
managers.
Consequently, we then cannot provide you with the
lease / tenancy of the Premises. You also acknowledge
that our related financial services company may contact
you from time to time to explain other services that this
company may be able to provide.
Our privacy policy contains information about how you
may access the personal information we hold about
you, including information about how to seek correction
of such information. We are unlikely to disclose any of
your personal information to overseas recipients.
The BnBCulture Pty Ltd privacy policy contains
information about how you may complain about an
alleged breach of the Australian Privacy Principles, and
how we will deal with such a complaint.
The BnBCulture Pty Ltd privacy policy can be viewed
without charge on the BnBCulture Pty Ltd website; or
contact your local BnBCulture Pty Ltd office and we
will send or email you a free copy.
Disclaimer
BnBCulture Pty Ltd its directors partners employees
and related entities responsible for preparing this
Agreement believe that the information contained in
this Agreement is up to date and correct. However no
representation or warranty of any nature can be given
intended or implied and the Rental Provider and the
Renter should rely on their own enquiries as to the
accuracy of any information or material incorporated in
this Agreement. The law is subject to change without
notice and terms and conditions in this Agreement may
be amended as a result. BnBCulture Pty Ltd disclaims
all liability and responsibility including for negligence for

Page 19/22

any direct or indirect loss or damage suffered by any
person arising out of any use and/or reliance on this
Agreement or any information incorporated in it.

Residential rental agreement

Page 20/22

Signatures
This agreement is made under the Act.
Before signing you must read Part D – Rights and obligations of this form.
Rental Provider's Agent
Rental Provider's Agent : Charis Lee on behalf of Ting Zhang (Rental Provider)

Signed at Wed, 16/10/2024 08:18 , from device: Mac OS X 10.15.7 Mac Chrome 129.0.0
Renter(s)
Renter 1: Chawakorn Kamnuansil

Signed at Wed, 16/10/2024 03:48 , from device: iOS 17.4.1 iPhone Mobile Safari 17.4.1
Renter 2: Podjana Tienmon

Signed at Wed, 16/10/2024 01:53 , from device: iOS 17.6.1 iPhone Mobile Safari 17.6

AUDIT TRAIL
Chawakorn Kamnuansil (Renter)
Wed, 16/10/2024 03:47 - Chawakorn Kamnuansil clicked 'start' button to view the Residential Rental Agreement
(iOS 17.4.1 iPhone Mobile Safari 17.4.1, IP: 103.139.104.3)
Wed, 16/10/2024 03:48 - Chawakorn Kamnuansil stamped saved signature the Residential Rental Agreement
(iOS 17.4.1 iPhone Mobile Safari 17.4.1, IP: 103.139.104.3)
Wed, 16/10/2024 03:48 - Chawakorn Kamnuansil submitted the Residential Rental Agreement (iOS 17.4.1
iPhone Mobile Safari 17.4.1, IP: 103.139.104.3)

Residential rental agreement

Page 21/22

Podjana Tienmon (Renter)
Wed, 16/10/2024 01:50 - Podjana Tienmon clicked 'start' button to view the Residential Rental Agreement (iOS
17.6.1 iPhone Mobile Safari 17.6, IP: 103.139.104.3)
Wed, 16/10/2024 01:53 - Podjana Tienmon stamped saved signature the Residential Rental Agreement (iOS
17.6.1 iPhone Mobile Safari 17.6, IP: 103.139.104.3)
Wed, 16/10/2024 01:53 - Podjana Tienmon submitted the Residential Rental Agreement (iOS 17.6.1 iPhone
Mobile Safari 17.6, IP: 103.139.104.3)
Charis Lee (Rental Provider's Agent)
Wed, 16/10/2024 08:18 - Charis Lee clicked 'start' button to view the Residential Rental Agreement
Wed, 16/10/2024 08:18 - Charis Lee stamped saved signature the Residential Rental Agreement
Wed, 16/10/2024 08:18 - Charis Lee submitted the Residential Rental Agreement

AGREEMENT END

Residential rental agreement

Page 22/22

